chore(curriculum): Wrap strings in quotes in Learn Recursion by Building a Decimal to Binary Converter (#55126)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-recursion-by-building-a-decimal-to-binary-converter/645cd17b061afb6a8cba945a.md

And since `b()` calls `c()`, the function `c()` is added to the call stack.

> Add the following string to your `callStack` array: ``` `c(): returns "awesome!"` ```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following string to your `"callStack` array: `c(): returns 'awesome!'"`.
```

Author: The first double quote is in wrong place, I've correct it

assert.isTrue(callStack.every((element) => typeof element === "string"));
```

> The third element in `callStack` should be the string ``` `c(): returns "awesome!"` ```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The third element in `callStack` should be the string `"c(): returns 'awesome!'"`.
```
